Fix body buffer (#375)
avenga/couper: CHANGELOG.md

* **Fixed**
  * Handling of [`accept_forwarded_url`](./docs/REFERENCE.md#settings-block) "host" if `H-Forwarded-Host` request header field contains a port ([#360](https://github.com/avenga/couper/pull/360))
  * Setting `Vary` response header fields for [CORS](./docs/REFERENCE.md#cors-block) ([#362](https://github.com/avenga/couper/pull/362))
  * Use of referenced backends in [OAuth2 CC Blocks](./docs/REFERENCE.md#oauth2-cc-block) ([#321](https://github.com/avenga/couper/issues/321))
  * [CORS](./docs/REFERENCE.md#cors-block) preflight requests are not blocked by access controls anymore ([#366](https://github.com/avenga/couper/pull/366))

>   * Reduced memory usage for backend response bodies which just gets piped to the client and are not required to read from Couper due to a variable reference  ([#375](https://github.com/avenga/couper/pull/375))

Reviewer: * bodies which just get piped ...
* and are not required to be read by Couper
* due to variable references

>     * However, passing a huge body and a _`json_body.*`_ variable is referencing this one Couper may require some memory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * However, if a huge message body is passed and additionally referenced via e.g. `json_body`, Couper may require a lot of memory for storing the data structure.
```
